Incorporate Donalds changes (#5)
wkumari/draft-wkumari-intarea-safe-limited-domains: draft-wkumari-intarea-safe-limited-domains.md

IEEE Registration Authority under the following policy: "Since EtherTypes are a
fairly scarce resource, the IEEE RAC has let us know that they will not assign
a new EtherType to a new IETF protocol specification until the IESG has
approved the protocol specification for publication as an RFC.  In exceptional
cases, the IEEE RA is willing to consider "early allocation" of an EtherType
for an IETF protocol that is still under development as long as the request
comes from and has been vetted by the IESG." ({{RFC9542}} Appendix B.1, citing
{{IESG_EtherType}})

During development and testing, a protocol can use a "Local Experimental
Ethertype" (0x88b5 and 0x88b6 - {{IANA_EtherType}}).  Once the protocol is
approved for publication, the IESG can request an EtherType from the IEEE.
However, there is always a risk of some implementation using a Local
Experimental EtherType not getting updated causing conflicts with a later
different use of that experimental EtherType.

The primary advantage of using a specific EtherType is the saving of 5 bytes
relative to the use of the Extended EtherType with a protocol number under the
IANA OUI.

# Security Considerations

> Protocols are designated as "limited domain" because something bad happens if
> they leak outside of a domain with unified management. For example, VLAN or VPN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Protocols are designated as "limited domain" because something unexpected might happen if
they leak outside of a domain with unified management. For example, VLAN or VPN
```
